Cool.
Let's start and stop that again.
Let's try to walk through a whole
thing of getting a product and
then doing a whole update thing,
and we'll go from there.
I don't know if we'll have time to do the
update points, since it's mostly the same
anyway, so I want to move on to some
more interesting things, but we'll see.
Okay, so let's give it a try.
So we're gonna go over here.
We are going to,
do I have product posts already?
I don't.
Nope.
Okay, yeah, we're gonna do it all here.
So I'll say posts to products.
Let's create a product here.
So for the body a product needs a name and
that's about it.
So I'll just say, my car app.
We'll try to create that.
Cool, so we got a product, created it.
I need the ID for that.
Someone grabbed that idea that product.
And then what I'm gonna do is
I'm going to create an update.
So I'm gonna say post to update.
And I know update needs for
to be created, A title,
a body, and a product ID.
So I had to pass all those
to create an update.
So let's do that.
So I'm gonna go here.
I wanna say title, New Feature
this, And body.
This is the best feature yet,
and then product Id,
the thing I just copied.
So we got that, pretty sure it's the same
JSON Web Token, this might fail.
Let me just make sure it's the same one.
Let's copy this it looks the same.
I was gonna copy it.
Okay, we got that, we got that.
Let's see if this works.
So hit send and
something just straight up died.
So let's see what happens.
So this one says Prisma
product find unique
invocation needs at least one argument
that I missed I might not what's that?
I switched it to find unique,
and I didn't make it unique.
So let's go back and do that.
And update which, I believe,
is in create update.
So yeah, we that unique key.
Index thing I guess, so I guess it's
just like yeah, I didn't find it.
So that's because this should
be product Id, not Id.
So let's try that.
Go back to this one,
see if it works this time.
It looks like it failed again,
this one says unknown arc product Id.
Data for Prisma update creates,
okay, let's see.
Okay, and that's because I just put
the whole erectile body in there.
So we can't do that we'll have
to do it the old school way.
So I'll say title actually we can do we
can do a little quick little trick we're
going to structure it.
So we'll just say
productI.rest) = req.body,
like that, and
then I can just come down here and
say this is product ID.
And then, I can just say this
is the rest of the stuff.
All right, let's run that one more time.
Send it, got another error.
[LAUGH] Okay, this one says
updateAdd is missing, interesting.
Argument product, data.product is missing.
That's interesting, okay.
So in order to get past that,
I guess what you really want to do
is actually just change the schema
to make updatedAt have default.
I guess what I thought update, I thought
you didn't have to do that, maybe you do.
But we can also write it in
ourselves if we wanted to, but that.
>> I think they have an add updatedAt.
>> That's what I thought.
Yeah, yeah, there it is.
There we go.
Boom!
I guess you just needed that.
Now you got to run a migration.
[LAUGH] Whenever you change the schema,
you gotta run a migration.
So let's run the migration.
In practice, you'll end up running so
many migrations, so,
From that, Run that
migration there on an update and
then, yeah.
Yeah, I don't know why he was
tripping about the product Id,
I know I need a product Id here,
so not sure why that was tripping.
Okay that looks fine, let's go back.
I'm actually just gonna I don't know
why I didn't like the product Id,
it needs a product Id, that's interesting.
I'm actually gonna do
that req.body.productId,
just put req.body back again, it needs it.
So, yes, question.
>> One thing I found in use
in my example is the connect.
You can link the product, and then you can
link connect and pass in unique IDs, and
then you don't have to do
a separate query for the product.
>> There you go.
That's actually the other syntax that
I was trying to figure out earlier.
I was like, there's another way
to LinkedIn, and it was connect.
Yeah, connect.
Maybe we should do that which
I'm just trying to be lazy and
like do the whole thing but let's do it.
So title, req.body.title, and
then you have what is it body like that,
body: rew.body.
And then, what is other word,
it's less as the produtId,
what is good to say product to say
connect to the actual products here.
>> One limitation of this though,
at least from what I was trying out here,
seem to be that you have to
pass in a unique identifier or
a unique identifier you can't do
like anything other than that?
>> So you're saying you
have a need product idea.
>> It needs an ID, but you can't like
also look up belonging to the user.
>> Right.
Right, yeah, that's interesting.
Okay.
Yeah, let's see what happens.
>> Unless, there's another
syntax I'm not aware of, but
it doesn't seem to be balance.
>> Yeah, it could very well be,
but I don't know.
Let's see what happens with this one, so
send that someone also doesn't
like anything we're doing.
This one says unknown name and
forgot to change that back.
So I think it's like Id.
Product.id There we go.
Run that again.
Okay, we finally got it,
trials, multiple trials,
multiple errors finally created an update.
I hope seeing you struggled through
that showed you some insight
on how someone else debugs things,
which for me was always super helpful,
and thanks for the help.
Cool, so yeah, we got that.
So we created this update,
we can grab this update's ID and
let's try to get an update.
So now, we can change this to update,
change this to get,
through the body we don't need it.
Now, let's see if we can get an update.
Yeah, so we got the update that works.
Well that's getting all the updates
actually, which is only one,
let's try to get one update,
which will be this.
That worked, so get all get one works.
I guess let's try to update one?
And let's try to update the title which
used to be this to something else.
So we can say title.
New title, and see what happens here.
That works title got updated to new title,
and
then the last thing we wanna do is see,
if we can delete this thing.
We don't need the body, and that works.
We deleted it.
If we try to get it one more time,
it should be gone, and it is, okay?
So we got the update.